why did you attack Ukraine because we are
protecting the Russian population What kind of Russian are
you? Who are you by
nationality by nationality Ossetian
So why should you Ossetians come to Ukraine
to protect the Russian population I
understood correctly We are Russians,
who cares? Great where are you from Russia Well, I see
What city is Vladikavka from? I’m from
Rostov myself. But I live in California. 18 years
later, in 2 years you will be Ossetian. Yes, as I
understand Vladikavkaz, I  I know, in Rostov, an
Ossetian studied with me in a group. And I understood.
Well, how do you like California, his name
was so interesting, Soslan, it’s
some kind of Ossetian
name from the date
I
know both of them, I just came after work,
I think this is how to spend a little time -  There’s almost
nothing to do, so I decided to see what
Why did you put on a military uniform? If you’re not a
military man No, I’m a military man, I came from a unit I came
after being wounded And where was the wound? I was wounded in
the face, I flew into the legs, into the arm,  back and I
think it’s psoriasis of type A can you show
me, well, these are really something to show. In short, everything is fine here now, the scar
just remains, you see, maybe it’s not
so strong Yeah,
but sleep on your hands Well, really, show me, I don’t
believe that after so many flights it
can survive, well  really when Look, it
flew to me, it turns out, well,
almost all of the small fragments were to me, not that a
30 cm fragment flew there, which
Well, show me on But I’m interested, well, show me
how this wound is, well, I’m now  I can’t
in real life right now, well, how is a Russian to a Russian Show
damn it,
let me send it to you later in Telegram
Now I don’t need these telegrams like
just Well,
show me, you haven’t seen, in short, just such
small holes, that’s all And this is where you are so
cat
rabotino rabotino y Cool This is
when 19  October of this year of this year
Yes, I had a slight injury and quickly
recovered. What is it like you
went for an assault or they went for an assault, we didn’t
go to the position and in short,
flew in with a kamikaz  Drone Yes, yes, I saw in Ukraine
there, in short, damn these they donate to drones,
there in almost every city
they make a bunch of Drones, like my friend
Sanya Prokhorov, like, also died last
month Well, like an acquaintance, a classmate
was sitting at a desk in Rostov  For 11 years we
sat together, you know, I’m here and he’s here and they
wrote off Trump in America. In short, I
support Ukraine, and he’s like, well, he
went to fight, also like on a contract. He
went to the contract and said there, like, well,
we are quarreling with him. I say that you will
die for Putin, there’s simply nothing for it. Putin
will sit there, like in his palace, you
know, and eat black caviar with spoons. And
you’re not not me. Lucky, I’ll survive in short, yes. And
so  this is also covered by his mother like uh
bo wrote to her like what is she saying there
Like he’s somewhere too and he walked from
position you to position he with position Walked to like
somehow rotation  Or what is it called
changing Yes, and
in short, some kind of garbage flew to him, uh,
right in the face, right in the face, in short, and
tore him up, uh In general, uh,
my mother sent me pictures like this, really
no head, stupid head No In short, you know, it’s
not just that  he was killed by a shrapnel somewhere
And that tower was blown apart, you know, he had
such a
frozen smile Sanya was such a funny guy, so kind,
so good-natured, in short, a guy like
that  look And I’m watching Well, you seem to be
adequate, yes Usually whoever
supports Ukraine, they immediately In the sense of
attacking anything clearly, they
can’t put two words together Well, can you explain
why in general you support Ukraine? Yes, I’ll
explain because look, I lived in
Russia, I saw what it’s like  here in Russia,
like the Kremlin regime robs us, yes,
Moscow lives there, Moscow lives, and ours
Rostov Vladikavkaz We live Well,
agree Well, listen, yes  it was the same when
20 years ago, so now it’s the same thing, well,
if I have a mother in Rosto, my mother in
Rostov receives 18,000 rubles in pensions, what will
you tell me,
pensioners Well, no, but I won’t say that it’s
all me, that’s why there’s a bunch Why a bunch
men are going for a contract because it’s an
opportunity to make money in these, that’s
all, a lot of that, as much as you can say Well,
but who is everyone going for a contract, no, yes,
everyone is going for a contract, there are no volunteers
No, well  you said a lot Like as if the
entire male population is coming as a whole Well, there are
thousands of Volunteers, well, how
much is your salary not in war? Well, not
for the military, how much is the salary in
Vladikavkaz in Vladikavkaz, the average is
50,000 even pain Well, it’s not even 500
dollars dude Look at me  in America, I’m a
university teacher, I have 9,000
dollars a month, that’s
900,000 rubles, even more than 900,000 rubles
in  month And you say 50 sense The point is
to convert into rubles right there and other prices are
not sold in dollars, everything is sold like
others you have more you have more expensive
iPhones are more expensive than cars more expensive you are more and more expensive
stupidly more and more
expensive refrigerator look refrigerator
in short brings taxes from  who has more
pain? How much do you have, what is your
percentage of taxes? Well, let’s say with 50,000
thousand 45 taxes for heating for everything Don’t
wait, these are not taxes No, this is not you, these are not
taxes, these are communal taxes, they are taxes
How much is your personal income tax?
Look now, I
don’t know Russia’s 15% personal income tax very well. And what do you have in
Europe? We have 10. We have 10 in America; 10%
personal income tax; and in the
USA, 10. Yes, it’s different in every state.  There are
10 of us, I get in short
9,000 dollars, 900 goes to
taxes, 8,300 is not 8,100, I’m left with
clean hands. Well, let’s say I have a sister, she’s
like  would have studied to become a military translator and
in her third year she went to Spain for a
student exchange there and there she said
that 40% goes to taxes, it was
a year ago I don’t
know and for some reason she didn’t return to
Vladikavkaz she stayed in Spain It’s true
she  came back so look, then look
Vladikavkaz Yes, I took it specifically
teacher’s salary Vladikavkaz according to the
site city r.ru the average
teacher’s salary in Vladikavkaz for whose year is
20.15  rubles, that is, in Vladikavkaz, those
now, well, look, look on Google
now, the salary of a teacher in
Vladikavkaz, go to school tomorrow, I
’ll ask for a higher salary there. The point is, of course, if he
works there for two pays there, and so on, everything
you tell me is here
homeless homeless people get
more Well, look, let’s say in a restaurant
we earn a lot more per day,
what comes out is good money in
general, it’s not funny Listen, why did you go to
fight? I’m  Comt. in the twenty-second We came in Well, why did you go to fight on a contract Well, you wanted to serve So you stayed Well, that is, I like the army, I like the military theme, I stayed, that’s all Listen, don’t you think that the Russian leadership betrayed its army somehow because - troops were taken from near Kyiv, in short, they still haven’t hit with nuclear weapons, but they should hit with nuclear weapons or something. Well, I don’t know. Well, it’s kind of funny, really, but look here in Syria, some rebels are barefoot. Yes,
They took Aleppo in 3 days And here Russia can’t take Kyiv In 3 years, yes Well, look bro, first of all, again, it’s stupid to compare because in Syria there is no army as such. They just recruited people who ran away at the first battle, by the way, there was the only one who fought with the poet there was someone left from the Russians only the pilot was No why there is a base there Well away from Ale But specifically where they came from there were four of our machine gunners and  the Syrian army, the Syrians left there
as soon as the battle began, ours they
left and the Russians four machine gunners
heroically fought for Lepa Yes, they
remained there as if it were not there And
now they are
not with them Well,
they died Like no, they died
cool minus the machine gunner yes good
Then it turns out this thing like
why did you go to
Ukraine because the elections didn’t leave
NATO why is America going there?
Why are they all going there, so now it’s like
NATO is starting to fly apart  pumping up weapons
like Ukraine Well, why not Naka
you went into Crimea Donetsk
Lugansk to Donetsk we didn’t go into Lugansk
they disconnected voluntarily They didn’t
want to live with this regime and that’s it We
didn’t go there there were Well of course
humanitarian aid all the things but there are regular
armies  ours
wasn’t there. I know there were volunteers there, but
they weren’t military, they were just ordinary
civilians, well, they were
a little
cool too. Well, why did you go to
Ukraine?  Look, Russia, in short, yes
- it would sit and develop its own country
like that's why. How many of your guys have already died
in Ukraine? Well, why
all these victims? Come on. The same
question is why the United States is interfering there in Iraq, Iran,
Libya, Syria. This is the answer  Dava, you are
not the USA Why did you bother? Why did they
send you? I will answer well. There is no market, but
first of all, this is Geopolitics. Well, look, you
say, why bother somewhere? Although
NATO supplies weapons, this is already  Well, on the
border right with Russia once again
Well, Finland NATO is supplying
weapons to Finland Finland is already in NATO
Why don’t you attack
Finland you think Finland we
won’t have troops in 3-4 years it
will be exactly the same thing there Why are you attacking Latvia  Lithuania
Estonia has not yet been attacked They have been
in NATO for more than 10 years Nal Latvia
Why are you not attacked
they They will not attack  NATO does not benefit from a
direct conflict with Russia Because so
Why did you Why did you attack Ukraine you
didn’t already attack those countries that have been
good in NATO for a long time In the fourteenth year, what was there
about a coup d’etat and I heard about all this and a
coup d’etat, the Ukrainians carried out
a coup d’etat why did you attack  to Ukraine
because we are protecting the Russian population,
what kind of Russian are you, who are you by
nationality, by nationality Ossetians
So stop, you Ossetians went to Ukraine to
defend Russians  population I
understood correctly We are Russians, what difference does it make?
Well, Russia is like that, Russia,
look. Wait again, look again, I understood correctly that
you
Ossetians went to Ukraine to protect the Russian
population, I heard correctly Yes, everything is so.
And what do you have to do with Ossetians in Ukraine and the Russian
population because  I also live with Russians. Do
you think there are few Russians on the Internet, 30%
- these are Russians,
look, Russians live in Germany, so
Russians live in the USA Yes, this is a different country
here you have  multinational country, you
don’t go into Kazakhstan to protect someone from the
Kazakhs because you have Kazakhs living in
Russia, the Kazakhs are in the wrong place, no one will go there,
look again, here it is, it’s
yours, well, things are going on in Russia, why did you
go in again, after all, Ukraine  was
preparing for war this
year they attacked Crimea Donetsk Lugansk
Who attacked Crimea there not a single shot fired?
What year were you born how could we
attack? What year were you born tell me
What year were you born? Well, I say it
matters, yes it matters. I want to
understand how old you were in what year
the baby was there in that year so much it was
no relation at all how old you
were in what year it doesn’t matter how old
I was T again  there is Look in short
Kato ska Yes there is look Crimea Donetsk
Lugansk is the territory of Ukraine
Russian troops have invaded the
territory of Ukraine in Crimea Donetsk and
Lugansk and are still holding them to this day
we are in Donetsk this year, you can
explain this Yes, on April 12 of that year,
Russian troops began an invasion of the
Donetsk region by capturing the city of
Slavyansk and beyond Donetsk And so on the
rebels
were Listen, let's stand in the military dream,
how could the military rebels shoot down a Boeing with a beech tree
Why not  because the beech is
Russian Yes, everything has already been proven Yes, the
Boeing investigation
took place in the year there was a ro [ __ ] in the year
Russia was there already officially everything has been proven
Yes  the same Prigozhin told how
they how
Wagner fought for the Lugansk airport
was Told Told
Mercenaries this is irregular Wait Stop And
bakhmut that Russia didn’t
take Wagner they took it, well, it’s all part of the
Russian army Yes part of Russia Listen to
what you’re telling is financed from the
Russian budget like and
also Wagner  are not financed from And who,
where does Wagner’s money come from from Africa, was it
taken from Africa, Syria Yes, yes, from Africa,
Syria  In short, look,
Prigozhin even then, yes Yes, he
also said that the Lugansk airport is not a question.
Where are you from as a military man? Tell me in
Donetsk, Lugansk, ordinary miners with bare
sticks held off the onslaught of the
Ukrainian army with planes and tanks for 8 years,
right, and firstly, there
were active military operations  Well, as far as I know,
only in the fifteenth year and in the
sixteenth, yes, yes, tell
me, tell me, you’re like a military man, but can a bunch of
people with  with sticks Yes, stop at
Why if you are fighting for your home
How many times were you a PTO or not?
Explain to me how a miner with a stick
stopped planes, helicopters and tanks with
what stick they have and
a machine gun from
where did Russia supply it from?
Having supplied weapons
KATO supplied it 100  % so stop stop
stop, that is, wait, Russia
supplied weapons to some people on the territory of Ukraine,
yes, yes, it supplied militias, well, that is, it
turns out  Russia
violated the UN statute, that is, to a foreign
country. And to whom did
Russia supply weapons to whom, to whom, to the militias from the Donbass,
and on what legal
grounds, on the fact that they are
not the population again, look, look again, Come on,
so explain to me, tell me, as a military man,
don’t look at self-determination Wait,
how are you? Like a military man You know that there
are military men, tell me what status
these some Donetsk people have
rebels, what status do they
have? Listen, their status is the
same as ours. We are fighting with them
right now, no wait, they are
representatives of the regular army. Who are
they? The battalion commander, or who on what
basis gives them weapons Russia, so that they can at
least defend themselves  something like that I understand Well
look Wait stop stop you are a military man you are
not simple You are a military man yes you understand
that there are statutes there are certain
laws Yes how is it possible Look Is it possible to
just take it to people in another country
another country to distribute weapons to some random people
Why please tell me when This is
happening directly on your borders,
this Russian-speaking population once again I
correctly understand that Ukraine, for example, and
NATO can distribute
tanks,
planes, automatic weapons to someone in Russia Well, for example, the
Chechens, you are more interested in the Ingush  That's
what you think, if Ukraine will
arm Ingushetia so that
the Ingush recapture their legitimate city of
Buro, why is it their legitimate city
because Buro, which Stalin gave  then
Vladikavkaz Yes, it was called the city of the Ingush.
The land of the Ingush is the city of the Ingush. Yes, this is the
city of the Ingush. You expelled them along with
Stalin in the forties and in the ninety-
second day, a third of it was founded at least you
know again. Look what you think,
can the United States supply
weapons to the Ingush? No why  why, but here they are
Ingush rebels and Maga before the Buro, I’m
telling you again, at a minimum, look,
any region has the right to
define itself  Well, look, Chechnya
Chechnya
has determined itself Chechnya has
determined itself Yes, when they kicked out all the
Russians and they showed up there, wait Well,
look, not Chechnya declared
independence back in the ninety-first
year, yes Everything is yes Why did Russia attack what the
hell then look don’t look I tell
you this  I’ll tell you now, you saw what’s
happening in Syria Yes, you saw Yes, I’ll tell you
So, it’s time for you guys in Ossetia to
collect your belongings and get ready somewhere
to I said look Why Because
now after Syria Yes now when
Russia is knocked out of Syria with Iran Yes the
Caucasus will go further
you can’t help but see how Islamic
fundamentalism is penetrating the Caucasus yes yes
Chechnya is no longer the same Dagestan Chechnya
that were in the post-Soviet space
where there were secular  people Yes, now you
saw how after a shootout in this
Wilberis how in Magas Magas in
Ingushetia they met
the dead, saw Yes, so this is
Chechnya  three
times and everything collapsed, now he’s in the alley
and then everything is falling. Yes, already in the
firefight in Damascus, the same thing will happen
with Russia. Just like the Russian
Empire collapsed. The Soviet Union collapsed
one day, one day the entire
security system of the Russian
Federation will collapse because look  when
Prigozhin went to Moscow, everyone froze and
waited. How will it end? The same thing will happen
when this movement starts in Russia.
And then, yes then,
uh, Chechnya  Yes, Dagestan is Ingush And so on The
Caucasus is in full swing, this is definitely
true, and there will be a day of justice and I will
say this We Ukrainians must help the
Ingush brothers and the Chechen brothers to
restore historical
justice Yes, the city of Vladikavkaz
Yes, the occupied Ingush city of Buro
must be liberated yes once  you are going to
fight in Ukraine Yes, the Ukrainians
are supplying weapons there, we will
support and it’s me. I’m seriously
telling you, let’s do it
we will support the Chechens at all levels, we will support the Ingush
Yes, because the restoration of
historical justice and uh let’s say
the fall of all the Russian Federation in the
Caucasus must be established Yes, all
Ermolov’s times are over Yes they
are now over in the Caucasus Yes they are no longer
federal forces Yes they have the basic meaning but
already have Islamic ones  essentially private
armies Yes, Kadyrov already has his own army
Kadyrov's hooves will come After him, a
normal field commander is like
Dudayev Dudayev was also like he was just
Soviet general and then Gop and the movement
went like this and here, well, this is you, I
think
that the Ossetian issue will be resolved very
quickly there, the Georgians will
liberate the Sab region, so I
will answer now. Come on, you say that Stalin
handed over Vladikavkaz to Ingushetia there,
right? Yes, you know in  what year not
Ingushetia And this one of
yours passed on Yes Well, then you say that
it was an Ingush city correctly Well, the
Ingush lived there in the Prigorodny district from
time immemorial
And from what centuries were they there?
you are not autochthonous in the
Caucasus so good Well, really yes yes
Well now they came from the Iranian
plateau Yes so good
om When it was founded Do you even know
what it’s all about  look at all, it doesn’t matter when
who was founded at all, no one cares anymore
Look, no one cares that when
Russia was founded It was much more important than
Ingushetia than e That’s all look in
general Everything Wait wait No You
speak for historical justice
in 1774 I added you to the
Russian  empires voluntarily and in the water of the
fourth on the territory of Ossetia they founded
Vladikavkaz, and I’ll tell you honestly,
we don’t care what it was when they founded
Yes, who was the first to enter the Russian
Empire, we believe? Yes, that Vladikavkaz was
originally an Ingush city, buro, all this is the point. Yes, accept, accept this new geopolitical reality. Yes, it doesn’t matter. What was there? Yes, all this is originally Vladikavkaz, originally it was
Ingush, it was just Stalin who gave it to them
as it is  because Stalin was Ossetian Yes,
after his mother, and he gave it to Ossetia and
gave it to Vladikavkaz, that’s all, look, I’m
telling you again, you’re from  who you
heard from someone propagandist from
somewhere else you can not why is it This
is so look at the story Yes,
Stalin really gave And with this he gave as they
uh gave this to the Ossetians Vladikavkaz
everything is clear Atina Vladikavkaz who gave it
in general Icha
since you are Ossetians  there are Digorians Iron What does
Iron mean Iron Ossetian Ossetian
Why
Iron In the sense of why Iron because from
Iran you came you came to Come on you
came  to the territory that was now
occupied by the Alali nomads And what does it
matter? Look, look, now, in short, it
turns out that historical justice will be restored for
you, a rollback
back to the Iranian Nago, that’s normal there
You look, you people, historical
justice Yes, then let’s look
at the territory of
Ukraine from whom they all got it
the majority in general yes Stalin yes
Stalin and Lenin gave us everything is super And
what does Stalin and Leni have to do with it and that’s it and now
look The point is that now we
we act according to the right of the stronger, we and
America USA Yes, here I am now in America
Yes we support Ukraine and everything USA
the superpower USA guarantees Ukraine its
territorial value integrity
po cannot guarantee Assad the
territorial integrity Siri and
cannot guarantee you
everything everything Now that means 20% of the territory of
Ukraine  this is a whole territory,
look again for real, we are now already seizing the
Kursk region, you understand, that’s it, you
can’t do anything anymore, oblast,
well, you can’t do anything  look,
we are all supplying missiles to Ukraine, we
allowed Ukraine to hit everything with our
American missiles on the
Federation, and you can’t
do anything. Therefore, look,
come to terms with yours. Vladikavkaz will be the
same as with Aleppo. Yes,
really, the army is the army for the liberation of the Caucasus. Yes, they will
take Vladikavkaz in 3 days,
you’ll see  my Vladikavkaz since
Aleppo was taken in 3 days so they will take
Vladikavkaz Yes this is  very Generally, from Chechnya
and Ingushetia to Vladikavkaz, in short, damn it,
in half a day, like, well,
yeah,
good. What And what will you do, look? You
only rely on the Moscow bayonets
as soon as there are no more Moscow bayonets.
Federal support Yes, you, you
Pou, you’re running around You’re one on one against the
Ossetians, you’re not against it
Ingush When in the nineties, what
did you do, yes, it went, it went, the Russian army
took away the Ingush And you followed them, they burned down
their
houses, now look, in the nineties, yes, when the
Russian army Yes, uh, it went and
accelerated for a
long time
Well, it’s okay for you, not now, look And
we are America, yes  we are America, we support the
Ingush people, restoring their
historical justice. And what will you
do now? I’m already
good, but look at the expense of Ukraine  there are
those Why do I need Look, I come
from Rostov and live in America, what do I need
Ukraine, we support Ukraine, we give it a
missile, the main thing for us is to destroy the
Russian Federation, everything Russian radios have
already sprinkled in this one in Kursk Yes, they
have sprinkled in Syria And just look  that's
really the Russian economy now The
Russian economy at how much is the ruble
You are already in what place You can say
She is in full your Russian economy
PM place in what gender in fifth place  The
Russian economy was on and
on after like ki because it has now risen in price
in terms of GDP Russia is in fifth place It’s
even written on Wikipedia These are not our
sources look what
GDP is inside the product is not what they produce
Well in VP Unscramble the three letters inside the
product I tell you  said
Brother, why not Vladimir Vladimirovich
Putin Well, Vladimi Vladimi, I’ll tell you what
happened to the people, his
population is unreal Yes, he says that Russia is in
fifth place  in short, in terms of economics in the world,
living just on American
Wikipedia sites, he receives such a high salary,
you say you are in fifth place, dude,
it really doesn’t make sense to argue with you about
the economy, you just
say so, look, explain, I see
that our America is a superpower  she
wanted to hit the territory of Russia with
her missiles and, like, the territory of
Ukraine. Why can’t Russia
respond, and we and America are having some kind of
military conflict or something? Well, yes, well, you’re
fighting now with  NATO and not with
Ukraine, we are at war with NATO, Ukraine simply
supplies equipment and
everything is the last Ukrainian like you, do you
agree that NATO instructors are our
American instructors Yes, launches, or do
you want to assume that it is the Ukrainians themselves who
launch missiles? Yes, they are helping you 100%
Well, that’s how it is  Why
is there no ska, are you afraid to give an answer to
America, why? Well, because
at least not bright, at least like a nut, it’s
generally inadequate.
Well, why don’t you hit Paul  cha
Well, just In short, just say it So
come on, admit it, you’re afraid of America And what are
they afraid of? Well, you’re afraid, look America is
firing at Russian territory with its
missiles. Russia can’t even say anything to
America. Why can’t he and haven’t heard?
Maybe it’s because there are Americans from the
regular army and under  the colonels
died and the Generals never heard of
this again, look at me in California,
even drones don’t fly, let alone missiles, and
American missiles fly across Russian territory. Why can’t you
do anything? came or  that Well, look,
I’m saying that you are Russians, yes, you are just
cowards, just a coward, what your opinion said is
correct Well, this is real, how
can you answer, look, for 3 years you have been crying
that America is helping Ukraine
shell your territories and
can’t do anything, you are crying Putin is crying constantly
crying  that we have nothing Give us the
right thing Look, this is such a trick, I’ll
tell you why he’s crying and even our
senators take it That is, we have an
agreement with Ukraine such
that Ukraine  she constantly asked that no,
no, and we constantly gave it, like, under
this pretext, that’s all, because yes, it’s
elementary. How can you imagine that
Ukraine can win the conflict with
Russia, even
when I explain, look, I explain,
Because these fairy tales could have been there 3 years
ago
ra  look, they were expelled from Kherson, they were expelled from the
Kharkov region, they were expelled from the Kursk
region, what else did they
start in the Kursk region, first of all,
when there  we entered how much
territory in the
whole region
can Look at the LPR DPR What
percentage there is under the control of Russia and you
grabbed 1 industrial sector of the Kursk region again
look at the LPR DPR you captured back in what
year when they didn’t want to fight with you
now when they started fighting with you you didn’t
you can further protect, look That is, I
correctly believe that 1% of the territory of the
Kursk region This does not count, it
can be given to
NATO, you took that you will stay there for the rest of your
life Well, I’m just interested
Not  Well, tell me what do you think?
Can a superpower allow
its territory to be seized with impunity by an
American, well, are you a superpower or not,
of course, because Why can’t you
look, on August 6, the liberation of the
Kursk region from Russian
invaders began Yes, liberation from
Russian invaders Yes, and it’s already passed,
look  almost soon there will be a sixth of
this [ __ ] will already be 4 months Why
can’t you do anything Well why Let me
answer now let’s all be well Well first of all yes
it was  unexpected blow Bazaar no
borders were not fortified no one expected this
But even the command of the Armed Forces does not understand
why reserves are being transferred there now
but these are not my Words when onia Donbass
why
look at the direction Wait a minute I
understood you correctly that the Kursk region
was captured by the Ukrainians because  the fact
that you did not expect and the
border of the expectation was not strengthened Well, stop, then
look, you captured the Kherson
region And so on This is just
then  Kharkov Kyiv simply because of the surprise that no one expected that you would attack about the Kharkov region and Kherson No, like there’s no Bazaar there, look you you’re not you you climbed everything you have now you captured because you unexpectedly attacked No one expected us because the border was not fortified. Yes, we thought that you would not attack, but there are Minsk agreements, that’s all. And now look, we were attacked, we unexpectedly reached Kyiv, we received
stars in Kyiv received stars in Kherson in the Kharkov region and now it’s good to know Where in Kiev we got it there firstly there was an agreement that we are now withdrawing troops from this direction from the Kyiv region from Chernigov stop stop stop blink if there were agreements that you are withdrawing troops Why you didn’t return our military left their positions in the Kyiv region and in the Chernigov columns, no one even fired at them, they shot at them, I have friends, I have friends from  Ukrainian artillerymen did not have time for this, he told me how he howled there good good question question Why are you now Almost 2 years have passed since this moment Why didn’t you return back to Kyiv in the first place Because now don’t Hang out in the first place Because now it’s a pity An interesting thing is hanging now, it may differ. So why don’t you return to Kyiv and capture Kyiv because in modern realities it is now impossible to do this? Why are such things impossible due to the fact that drones
all this is smn Kyiv Go through the marches of all oreshnikov remote Well, you’re probably just not following the situation there, that we don’t have people, that they don’t have much And how come you don’t have people Well, we have a group on Ivo of 560,000 people, wait, that is, wait where did your people go, what did you say, we don’t have enough people anymore? I say we don’t have enough people. Well, let’s say, take Kyiv, a city with a population of over a million, you yourself understand what means for this, so And then there was enough Wait Stop  you then approached whom you wanted to take him then you approached with a group of 200,000 But it was due to surprise Yeah, I don’t deny that, but now it’s impossible to do because there are already buildings in Chernigov Well, everything was built in concrete in 2 years It is clear that they have dug in and in modern realities in the conditions of this war it is now impossible to do at all stop stop stop I understand correctly that you will never capture Kyiv now and they will not capture it. What about you?
you are going to win capitulation This is a war of attrition more, that is, whoever can fight will take some territories, unfortunately, that’s all Well, just like that Look how he owes capitulation because of which Kyiv should capitulate If you don’t capture When it’s just impossible to fight this now lisino 300,000 300,000 mobile phones that were called in, yes, that is, where did they all go? Why is it all me now and the mobilized ones?  let’s say from 300,000
mobilized in 2 years there are two and
three dry Well, probably 70 percent,
that is, wait, 70 percent -
that’s more than 200,000 out of 300, well, 210, maybe, well,
two thousand, 7 maybe 80, that is,
wait, now you’re saying in all seriousness
that the Russian  army mobiles Zro
300,000 of them more than 200,000 already
dead and wounded dead dead dead
50-60 thousand well dead and wounded I
say so yes that’s just
because of this all the time we lost about
1700 720 Well like I’m not denying I mean I’m
not some kind of propagandist once again I
understood yes
look looked, well, I’ll see how much the
Ukrainian General Staff says Because
700 something the Ukrainian General Staff says Yes
740  000 yes look it
turns out wait a question If you If
you have lost about 700,000 killed and wounded over the entire time
then how many of
you are currently
fighting is somewhere around 550 600,000
so look I understand that is it turns out
If you are losing yes 200-something  a
year comes out to, well, two hundred tmi, roughly speaking
yes yes it turns out how you are going to
win this war look Let’s now
see how much Ukraine has lost and
see how much Ukraine has lost andIt’s elementary to look at the mobilization resource that Ukraine has left. Yes, I understand correctly, if Ukraine runs out of military personnel, then you can now capture Kyiv. Well, if they don’t fight, who will stop the women or something? Well, the question is, why don’t you capture Kyiv if the Ukrainians have no mobilization resource left? And so Then I tell you again, firstly, the war is still for a long time for two or three years, look how much the Ukrainian army is now. Million Well, according to the papers there are more of them, a little more than a million, so that is, and yours
500,000 navo yes, but in general it’s also somewhere
like that, that is, look, I correctly understood
that the Russian army now has 500,000
units, twice as much, and then how are you
going to
win, I’m telling you again. This is a
war of attrition, just take, let’s say, the
Kurakhovsky direction  Well, you probably
don’t follow the look again. Come on, do you
agree that due to the fact that you are storming,
yes, you have more and we have no
more losses and losses even now,
American analysts  Well, come on, come on, come on,
whoever storms has more losses than
the one who is defending, agree that according to the
old laws, now this is not the case now,
again, the Armed Forces depend on the favs. Come on,
even if it’s one to one Yes,
the ratio of you is 500 to the
Ukrainians 200, look, come on  I’ll explain, you have
n’t heard about the Exchange of bodies of
military personnel, what about the Exchange of bodies of
military personnel, haven’t heard or heard
the USA handed over to Ukraine
those They gave us 60 Well, what’s the ratio of
losses with No, this is not a ratio  losses
This is the number of bodies transferred, it
only says that the Ukrainians
are trying to get each of their bodies, and the Russians are trying to get their
bodies, that’s all this, who told you that they are
sure that every
body, wait n stop, you agree that
the number of bodies exchanged is not the number of
these
dead
Well  why not I think approximately, well, the
ratio is like this because let’s say
una You know this Ukrainian channel is
definitely not again one more time Well, agree,
let’s do it again, the number of
bodies exchanged is not the number of
dead Well, why, therefore, you can
roughly understand the ratio No, look
this is No, we don’t know these bodies There for a year and
there it’s shorter or even more and so on Then someone,
for example
Russian Many of these don’t even find
bodies Yes, theirs because they Yes, in the enchanted
zone there the dogs devoured them and so on Then
he’s on the bakhmut look at the bakhmut only
Prigozhin said that 20
died, where these 20
bodies were buried,
most of them even nali and teto tale
from Rostov just from the morgue in Bakhmut he
now he  this military pathologist Yes,
he says that the majority speaks even
physically, he says, it just
turns out that we physically cannot
process Yes, this is the number of bodies that’s
all, the majority of the type are listed as missing so as not to
pay
the mothers, these are not because if a
missing person is listed for 6 months then
payments are already in progress. That's right.
That's why he doesn't have to pay him for 6 months, so they're delaying everything,
so who's trying to save money if in
the end it's all too
early? They're paying anyway, they're
delaying it,
look, there's talk  they delay the payments as much as possible,
you know, so that for
6 months it makes sense because there is a
huge number of losses, a huge
number of payments and so inflation, that’s
all, look, the point is not that, look at the question.
Just if, like me, I’m not a military man.
Yes, I’m a simple professor of anthropology,
I’m interested  This is how I imagine the mathematics
if you are 2 years 2 and a half
depleting depleting the Ukrainian army How is
it that it is so
completely depleted of the army Well, Sochi is a
war of attrition - this  does not mean that now Ukraine is exhausted and does not mean that Russia is exhausted, I’m telling you again because this is a war for many years, Ukraine also has enough people to fight with, I didn’t tell you that they don’t have people, they have a problem with this, but again, come on tell me how, let’s say how you want to win. You have to capture Kyiv, capture Lvov. How you have to force Ukraine to capitulate capitulate. Listen, I did it myself to the end. Well, I don’t know what it will look like. The end of the war because
this is already Well, let’s say that the Odessa region of Nikolaevskaya will definitely withdraw. Well, in Dnepropetrovsk the question is a question like how, that is, do you want to capture the Odessa Donetsk region there, how will you do it, like capitulation and that’s it. Well, don’t look, look, look, capitulation is an act that must be signed by the other side, yes That is you must force Kyiv to surrender, what will you do to make Kyiv surrender, but Kyiv will not surrender well. Now, maybe you even heard yesterday what Zelensky spoke about, what  we, well, you
can already talk about the borders of 9 of the first year, don’t
even say that even Zelensky said
no no, he didn’t say that No, he
said He said No, he said stop He
said that they allow the conflict to be frozen
as in Minsk Yes, if Ukraine is in the
part that  now there is joining
NATO so that NATO troops will be here in
Ukraine and then they will decide diplomatically,
and this whole defeat is a
defeat for Russia because NATO
will then be right under the borders of
Russia Well, I don’t know, you’re saying it now for
some interview I’m saying  I’m saying
what he said The other day, here he was, the other day,
he said yesterday Yes, that he is considering the
option, yes, that Ukraine should
join NATO within the borders that have
now been in place for years, the borders
where the border of the first year remains,
look again, we are joining NATO  Our
task is to draw the Americans
into Ukraine now so that it will already stand
at least within some borders, and then, uh,
semi-wild, semi-aquatic, and then we’ll fight back and
pump Ukraine up with weapons
NATO instructors, NATO bases are already real and then it’s a matter of technology and Russia look and the whole question How do you Look Let’s do it again, here’s the most important question How will you force Ukraine to capitulate say Elementary When they don’t have enough Just human resources and that’s it look then if not If there are enough human resources, then what kind of capitulation can you even capture Kyiv and that’s it? Well, whatever the politicians decide, it will be so, well, I understand correctly that without capture  Kyiv Yes, no one will surrender, there’s no point in capitulating, they’ll just put it loyally so that the government is put aside, how they’ll put it again, look if you can’t capture Kyiv, then you can’t put a government there, you can’t do anything and the government won’t give up. How can you do it then, that means yes So we’ll go to Kyiv when we’re looking for it. Well, because it’s elementary to even take human resources, well, you yourself understand that Russia has a lot more of it again, again, look again, I understand correctly that without
there will be no capitulation of Kyiv. Well, most likely, yes, probably yes, then look at why you are now losing your soldiers there under work; in short, in Kursk. Go to Kyiv. Why don’t you go and how do you imagine it? Just remove all the military from Zaporozhye from Kherson from Donetsk from Lugansk and send them near Chernigov so that from there they can go to Kyiv. Well, why? Take mobilization mobilizations in Russia, there won’t be no, well, I don’t know, there are contract soldiers there for a fee. Well, you dial  you also have You said that
you have a large mobilization resource and
now you say there will be no mobilization so
I’m telling you again if there is
a need for people they will simply
mobilize again. Well, so far in Russia there
has only been one mobilization. And in Ukraine there is
already a Tsk, look, look, it turns out  in
Russia on the one hand you say that
you have a large mobilization resource and on the
other hand you say there
will be no mobilization Well now look I mean
because Russia Why can’t it
lose because  Elementary
pumping up, let’s say there
are fewer Volunteers than needed, as was the case in the
second, they are mobilizing everything, let’s say they
called up
400,000, then look, Russia will
mobilize Yes, if there really aren’t enough
Volunteers, then they will do it, but I’m for
saying that Ukraine will allow itself into the
World Cup question  there is a problem in the World Cup Why is Russia
waiting to make this mobilization? In a
year or two, why won’t it take
half a million now?
mobiles and will not go to Kyiv because it will change that And the mood inside the dream You remembered the first mobilization when there was someone there who left and so on and so forth Then everything, that is, I understand correctly that Russia will not mobilize, that is, Russia does not this mobilization resource because she cannot mobilize because the mood in the country will immediately collapse Well, not just that they will simply collapse. Well, maybe they will hold a rally and some other part will just leave. So, look, there is  come on, Russia
will not mobilize cheat of this
mobilization resource from Russia No, it’s
true Never say never Why
if Well, that is, if the question is about
depletion and We have to mobilize
then it will be I mean, let’s say
that now in Ukraine the mobilization
resource will remain 3 ml  Once again, what are you
talking about Ukraine? I’m asking you about Russia.
Look, you say that Ros will
mobilize. Maybe it will, that
is, look, you don’t have  there is no
mobilization resource since you
will not mobilize the Armed Forces, it’s
just zero in Ukraine, yes, tsk, catch a
million 2 million people, that’s all And you won’t
catch a single one All you
lost No why, if right then
the mobilization was done by the base no So wait
stop, then if they did it Yes  what’s
stopping you from doing it now and taking
Kiev, what should the Met do about because
demographics will be
a question about the fact that people are needed for
the war in Ukraine Well, look, come on, come on
Agree, look, if you have
50,000 fighting right now Well, 50,060 600 500 500,000
Yes Agree that with the losses that
you voiced, 200,000 are being eliminated per year, yes,
that is, in a year or two - this is
completely lost, and it will still have to be
replenished, so why is this now  they won’t
do it anyway, there
will be volunteers. Well, come on, you
agree that for Russia
agree that for Russiademographic than dragging it out for a long time quickly it won’t finish because well, well, look at the mobiles. Half a million of these mobiles were called and took Kyiv in 3 days, what’s the problem? Who will take Kyiv in 3 days, who is it? It’s American, half a million, half a million mobiles, they won’t take Zro with sticks And now look, it’s interesting technically the question of mobilization resources you have with tanks with tanks, that we generally have the most of them in the world, we are in first place
on tanks Don’t you think that you
lose more tanks per year than you produce?
Well, look at the American ones, they
write here
yes yes Airplanes Yes drying airplanes You
delivered four of these new ones this year and
lost 11 in a year, well
look at the Gori nakovs by ladies
over time  Well, there are 67 units, no, this is not according to
Ukrainian data. Look, we have this,
we have this concept of Osin, they are
international, different people are sitting. They
look at all the photos of the video and
confirm where In which direction
When they hit which one this is  everything
is considered You agree Well, look at
the question the same thing, Ukraine with
the help of American British missiles
takes out the Black Sea Fleet Agree and
Now everything about the tanks for now I’ll answer
then about the Chersky Fleet there yes
Everything about the tanks Well let’s say Well there I
read that 6500 7000 units of equipment Well  not
the point in Russia before starting with How many units of
equipment there were tanks exactly 27,000, that
is, at this rate you can still calmly
ask what kind of tanks you
know because there are  t-34 tank, no
one will sit on it True Well, you must
agree Well, then theirs Well, whose gray hair is whose gray
Well, you agree to fight in 2024 on the
T-74, this is with the best ones who cannot drive through the mud
No, well, wait, you
agree that you will fight
t  -74,
which turns out to be 50 years old, like, well, that’s
funny, but it’s good to fight with Kalash
seventy-fours, which are 50 years old and not
secondary school. Well, that’s not Ukraine  Ukraine is already fighting with Kalash,
everyone is running smartly there or something, now now now now now,
so look at July 18 like this,
according to the Ans Prota or The Russian army
lost at least
335 tanks, and even more so even 4000 if you
round it up. So it turns out And how much
did you produce in  a year
somewhere around 600-700 tanks Well, that is, look it
turns out that you are losing an order of magnitude
more than you produce per year
it’s exhausting, we’ll be searching for a long time, but it
turns out that Well, look,
agree, agree that you already have, like,
North Korean shells. Yes, they even come
because yours are
not enough; who said that ours are not enough?
Well, why do the North Koreans then
come to supply? Well, let’s say Iran
supplies Kheda, but We produce 270
earlier in the day And look, look, why do
you need North Korean shells if you
have enough of your own Well, if they give you Why not
take it? Well, you have enough of your own, why
else? Well, I’ll give you more  I repeat once again if they give it
Why not take it now, it’s good now
Russia produces 800,000 artillery
shells per month,
look Agree, agree that in terms of
military-technical potential, Russia
cannot compete with the NATO bloc
in general, well, in terms of, again,
obn or what are you talking about? What kind of
uniform and equipment in general?
technical means the number of
things produced
is better than this, even the Americans say
horror, I understand
Oh well, well, you’re just not a military man, but
compare the situation  let’s say 16 and I want to
say that look, it’s like you have
a rapier, your armata tank which seems to be
where it is on
there
and
why because it is necessary to write off the old
equipment. You see, well, here the politics of war
is in any case the politics of stop stop
again That is, you produce  These
Armata tanks seem to be produced there in Cali, a
super new tank has been given so far there is
not a single one why there are but not in such
quantities that there are several thousand Tell me
how many
tanks when these were at the training ground  TAV
was sent, I won’t tell you how many tanks
I’m wondering, but
now the Armata is on its own or did it even get
on
its own were they were Yes it was, yes,
like they wrote that somewhere in the south the
newest Russian tank is not in use
Yes, look chev nru Yes March  what years
ago Roy tank those 14 Armata is not
used in the zone of special military
operation because of its high cost,
General
Chesov said I heard about such a statement, so I
spoke directly with RI news here  chev yes
explained, I’ll read
later
now who it is Chemezov And the general
director of the corporation hy
chev WTO in its functionality now, of
course, it is much superior to existing
tanks, but it’s too expensive, so now the
army is unlikely to use it; it’s
easier for them to buy the same T90 said chemi for
that’s all  there are armata on your
own no Listen, well, I don’t know what I saw, but
again, in my presence, 12 tanks were sent there
from, well, from the training ground, I
called the media tanks with these. There they are  they say
that six were knocked out for sure, but that was a month
ago. I don’t know where this data comes from. It’s
just that maybe here, well, I don’t know, in short, but
someone says that, someone says that, I
can’t tell you anything, it
just turns out like, well, I
see
that technically Russia is lagging behind in terms of
mobilization to me here in America I didn’t
understand much Yes, it seemed to me that in
Russia there is a damn big power there, the
mobilization potential is great, but
now you have reassured me, you said that in
Russia they will not carry out mobilization
because there is excitement and so on,
listen
will not carry out mobilization as long as
there are enough Volunteers if there are
not enough Volunteers, there are already not enough of them
because you have raised a million for
concluding a contract, one and a half two three in
some regions, four is to
attract volunteers No one is coming
because the contract fee was raised
once a week by 2 million  in a week 2 and a
half in a week 3 million and no one
understands they have already done that they are writing off
Credits
are being given Please tell me the most now
in Moscow 2 s
on Nasko I know 2 s  It seems like in
Moscow it’s 3 million for signing a contract,
so that’s October, why? Yes, after the news about an
increase in the payment for signing a contract for
changing defense to 3 million, look here 3 million
contract look October eight here in
October news here in the Belgorod region
they announced record payments the amount of
a one-time payment  for signing
a contract, the Ministry of Defense will be 3 million rubles
in the Belgorod region, and they announced a new
record in other regions, less in any
case, it’s not enough. It’s just not enough.
Like no one is coming  already for these all those who
went for the money have raked them out for less
money, and so far they are still going
steadily at 20,000 Volunteers 15-20 per
month Well, even a little more
Maybe it just turns out that as I understand it, it’s
not technically yes Yes, neither
organizationally nor  You
won’t defeat Ukraine and the NATO bloc with human potential.
Why do you
think so, okay, good, well, that’s how it turns out in
mathematics, Ukraine. We will definitely defeat there,
not a single NATO soldier for Ukraine.  it
won’t be like this, who are you? For
3 years, there were NATO military
inside. For 3 years, there were
no NATO permissions for strikes on Russian territory, but they
already
exist. Look how it all started. We
Americans are doing it cunningly. Yes, first, We
quietly gave High Mars Russia screamed.
these are red lines Yes, then we gave Like
these ato koms Yes then we gave
F1 Yes now we allowed the attacks themselves to
hit the territory of Russia, yes, that is,
this is done smoothly Yes, and it turns out that
Russia also has red lines with  over time they
turn brown yes And we
pump up Ukraine more and more with weapons and that’s it
And what will you
do Kato NATO countries are already
refusing the ambassador they say that
they have Which Which NATO countries So
let’s find a nursery now let’s just
remember Riche’s son I’m just for sure  I
don’t remember the name but here it is Hungary If I’m not
mistaken Hungary did not supply anything to
Ukraine did not supply anything at all
Postav Hungary did not supply anything no
Hungary is Hungary  didn’t supply anything
But in short, well,
well, now NATO soldiers will enter
Ukraine well. And what will change as they enter
and exit? They don’t have the same combat experience
as even the same Ukrainians, that’s not the
point. The point is that NATO soldiers will be left behind  further, you won’t
fire at NATO soldiers; you won’t,
really, if they are on the line of combat
contact; they won’t; they won’t;
because, look, because Putin is
afraid; yes  Putin is afraid to attack NATO
because no, if they are on the line of
combat contact, then there is no option,
it will be. Look, if the first shot is in the
direction of NATO soldiers, and then you will be
attacked by the entire power of the NATO military-industrial
complex. Yes, the f-35s will fly in and
destroy you there  everything is in the trash and you didn’t think
that Russia was there too Everything might be
included because look Ukraine Yes
Ukraine is already
knocking out all your air defenses with NATO missiles  in Crimea, in the
Kursk region, and so on. Agree, it’s
true that Ukraine is shooting down our missiles. Yes,
your air defense is knocking out m. I don’t know
who told you this, well, look in Crimea, for example,
today they knocked out three of your air defenses yesterday, your s400
was knocked out And so on, look,
and then over Belgorod over a piece  Look how the air defenses
are shot down. That is,
for whom do you think, for what aviation, is Ukraine
clearing the Russian air defenses? I’ll tell you again,
okay, let
’s say I’ll say this  [ __ ] on America you are
not a lynx on a single NATO soldier you are
a stone no
on us how we will remain silent they
will not Look, they will stand like this and
they will all not shoot at you If you
shoot you now NATO soldiers will enter the
same Kurakhov direction  do you think the
fighting will stop there? Yes, I
think yes right away because not because
Putin will simply say to Putin, look how
it was in Syria. Yes, when Wagner
like arrives  the clash between Wagner and the
NATO army ended in the complete
destruction of the Wagner group
video where let’s say the Russians stop an
American column where the Russians in Ostana the
Russians didn’t kill a single American in
Syria
the Americans raised the aircraft and drank everyone
This is what
the Wagnerites were interested in again let
’s say it was kind of like Well in
1988  it was a long time ago Yes, well,
yes And what did you do about that? Well,
I wasn’t interested, I saw it
once and everything was like no more
Yeah, that’s why I  I can’t tell you what they
said, in short, in short, in general, I understand
you believe that somehow, somewhere,
something will happen later Yes, you are looking for
Ukraine and you will win with this, yes, either we are looking for us
or she is looking for us Well, most likely we are stop
stop  stop That is, you admit that
Ukraine is looking for you
It’s just that my mother told me Never
say never Anything can happen wait
That is, you admit
wait, well, let’s say you, despite the power of
Russia, you assume mobilization potential
from what you see in the army
You  you admit that Ukraine is looking for you yes yes
No of course Are you kidding me or something
permission Let's end on this note
Okay, let's all have a good
two-hundredth for you
like squeak
comment write to my Telegram right now
axis VN
apok tse more and more respectfully YouTube keeping
us busy through srg  ORV in your ban and even
more videos I don’t show people sometimes I don’t
show information about ST to that  for tob
mi Mara
links write directly immediately and Popik there
in telegram okm vdeo more tezh tsikava and
korisna information and mi vinni z you trimati
postiyny operational link
nezalezhno in that chi show you the process
YouTube Glory to Ukraine
write a